Convenience features for .SDcols patterns perl=TRUE (#5663)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

Reviewer: update the NEWS entry?

Author: ok

2. `cedta()` now returns `FALSE` if `.datatable.aware = FALSE` is set in the calling environment, [#5654](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5654).

> 3. `data.table:::patterns` now accepts arguments `ignore.case`, `perl`, `fixed`, and `useBytes`, which are passed to `grep`, #5387. Thanks to @iago-pssjd for the feature request, and @tdhock for the implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `patterns()` helper for `.SDcols` now accepts arguments `ignore.case`, `perl`, `fixed`, and `useBytes`, which are passed to `grep`, #5387. Thanks to @iago-pssjd for the feature request, and @tdhock for the implementation.
```
